I’m here for a good time not a long time
I can’t really see another squad tryna cross us
I’m up right now and you suck right now
No new friends
Where you movin’? I said onto better things
Know yourself, know your worth
Make the most out of tonight, and worry ‘bout it all tomorrow
I’m way up, I feel blessed
I cannot see heaven being much better than this
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight
I’mma sip it ‘til i feel it, I’mma smoke it ‘til it’s done
I still ride with my day one
My excuse is that I’m young
I live for the nights that I can’t remember with the people that I won’t forget
I’mma worry ‘bout me, give a fuck about you
Nobody really likes us except for us
They ain’t make me what I am, they just found me like this
You only live once
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments
Started from the bottom now we’re here
Last name ever, first name greatest
Whole squad on that real shit
On my worst behavior
Worrying about your followers, you need to get your dollars up
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
Never not chasing a million things I want.
You think this is a game?
Weekend, please don’t leave me.
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not strong enough.
Be who and what you want, period.
Stay strong, the weekend is coming.
You play Call of Duty? That’s cute.
You’re doing it wrong.
Don’t be like the rest of them, darling.
I wasn’t lucky, I deserved it.
Whatever you do in life, make sure it makes you happy.
The question isn’t can you, it’s will you?
What do you think of the view?
When I feel a little down, I put on my favorite high heels and dance.
I liked memes before they were on Instagram
That moment when you realize your childhood is over.
Friday, my second favorite F word.
I’ll never try to fit in. I was born to STAND OUT.
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary.
Trying to forget it but the memories are too strong.
We all start as strangers.
Truth is, I’m crazy for you. And everyone can see that but you.
I act like I’m ok, but I’m really not.
Stop looking for happiness in the same place you just lost it.
Don’t worry if you haven’t found your true love, they’re just with someone else right now.
Never cry for that person who doesn’t know the value of your tears.
If I die tomorrow, will you remember me?
Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.
Don’t let your eyes be blinded by her beauty.
Boys are like purses, cute, full of crap, and can always be replaced.
Being single is smarter than being in the wrong relationship.
Lives change like the weather. I hope you remember today is never too late to be brand new.
Dear vegetarians, if you’re trying to save animals, then why are you eating their food?
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
They used to shout my name, now they whisper it.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.
Stay sharp and far from timid.
If a dentist makes their money from unhealthy teeth, why would I trust a product 4/5 of them recommend?
Say Beer Can with a British accent. I just taught you to say Bacon with a Jamaican accent.
These are the days we live for.
Life is short, false; it’s the longest thing you do.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. A dumb person creates it.
Some days start better than others.
When nothing goes right, go left instead!
I need a six month holiday, twice a year.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I’m still looking.
A blind man walks into a bar… And a chair… and a table.
I don’t always surf the internet, but when I do, eyebrows!
Yesterday, I changed my WiFi password to “Hackitifyoucan”; today, someone changed it to “ChallengeAccepted”.
So, you’re on Instagram? You must be an amazing photographer.
Real men don’t take selfies.
I haven’t done this in a while so excuse me.
I know I’m lucky that I’m so cute.
Onions make me sad. A lot of people don’t realize that.
I’m your worst nightmare.
Hey girl, feel my sweater. Know what it’s made of? Boyfriend material.
If I was funny, I would have a good Instagram caption.
I think you are lacking vitamin me!
What if I told you, you can eat without posting it on Instagram.
Ladies, please.
Need an ark? I Noah guy.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life – to be happy – that’s all that matters.
Take every chance you get in life, because some things only happen once.
I myself never feel that I’m sexy. If people call me cute, I am happier.
Women drivers rev my engine.
I like foodies.
At least this balloon is attracted to me!
I must destroy you with hugs and kisses.
Stop looking for happiness in the same place you just lost it.
I woke up like this.
If we could only turn back time…
Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.
Beauty is power, a smile is its sword.
This picture is my autobiography.
Last day of class!
Don’t take life too seriously. Nobody gets out alive.
Chilling like a gangster…
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. ‘Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
When I feel a little down, I put on my favorite high heels and dance.
You think this is a game?
Weekend, please don’t leave me.
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not strong enough.
Be who and what you want, period.
Stay strong, the weekend is coming!
You play Call of Duty? That’s cute.
You’re doing it wrong.
Don’t be like the rest of them, darling.
I wasn’t lucky, I deserved it.
Whatever you do in life, make sure it makes you happy.
The question isn’t can you, it’s will you?
What do you think of the view?
I liked memes before they were on Instagram.
That moment when you realize your childhood is over.
Friday, my second favorite F word.
I’ll never try to fit in. I was born to STAND OUT!
I’m here for a good time not a long time.
I can’t really see another squad tryna cross us.
I’m up right now and you suck right now.
No new friends.
Where you movin’? I said onto better things.
Know yourself, know your worth.
Make the most out of tonight, and worry ‘bout it all tomorrow.
I’m way up, I feel blessed.
I cannot see heaven being much better than this.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
I’mma sip it ‘til i feel it, I’mma smoke it ‘til it’s done.
I still ride with my day one.
My excuse is that I’m young.
I live for the nights that I can’t remember with the people that I won’t forget.
Imma worry ‘bout me, give a f**k about you.
Nobody really likes us except for us.
They ain’t make me what I am, they just found me like this.
You only live once!
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments.
Started from the bottom, now we’re here.
Last name ever, first name greatest!
Whole squad on that real sh*t.
On my worst behavior.
Worrying about your followers, you need to get your dollars up.
Started not to give a f**k and stopped fearing the consequence.
Never not chasing a million things I want.
I think you’ve got a deficiency of Vitamin Me!
When Instagram was down, I ran around town shouting “like” at flowers, dogs, and expensive brunches.
Say “Beer Can” with a British accent. I just taught you to say “Bacon” with a Jamaican accent.
I don’t always study, but when I do, I don’t.
So you’re telling me I have a chance…
Walking past a class with your friends in it.
I’m not saying it was aliens, but it was aliens!
Yea, dating is cool but have you ever had stuffed crust pizza?
Give me the chocolate and nobody gets hurt…
So, you’re on Instagram? You must be an amazing photographer.
Onions make me sad. A lot of people don’t realize that.
Oh you’re a model? What’s your agency, Instagram?
If a dentist makes their money from unhealthy teeth, why would I trust a product 4/5 of them recommend?
I didn’t choose the thug life, the thug life chose me.
Weekend, please don’t leave me!
Need an ark? I Noah guy…
What if I told you, you can eat without posting it on Instagram.
I need a six month holiday, twice a year.
If I was funny, I would have a good Instagram caption.
I don’t always surf the internet, but when I do, eyebrows!
A blind man walks into a bar… And a chair… and a table…
I had fun once, it was horrible!
Go ahead, make my day.
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape.
Fasten your seatbelts, it’s going to be a bumpy night!
You talkin’ to me?
Show me the money!
Houston, we have a problem.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Round up the usual suspects.
I’m as mad as hell, and I’m not going to take this anymore!
Houston, we have a problem.
I’ll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
You had me at ‘hello’.
There’s no crying in baseball!
You can’t handle the truth!
Tell ’em to go out there with all they got and win just one for the Gipper.
Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death!
I’m the king of the world!
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re gonna get.
Toto, I’ve got a feeling we’re not in Kansas anymore.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
What we’ve got here is failure to communicate.
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
No matter where I went, I always knew my way back to you. You are my compass star.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul.
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
True love stories never have endings.
We love the things we love for what they are.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Love planted a rose, and the world turned sweet.
If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.
Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you…I could walk through my garden forever.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
If had a dollar for every smart thing you say, I’d be poor.
I feel so miserable without you, it’s almost like having you here.
I have two speeds. If you don’t like this one, you’re definitely not going to like the other one.
I love sarcasm. It’s like punching people in the face but with words.
Just because I don’t care doesn’t mean I don’t understand.
Young people think that money is everything. Old people know that this is correct.
I can’t come to work today. I have to stare at the ceiling and question every decision I’ve ever made.
Always remember that you’re unique. Just like everyone else.
If at first you don’t succeed, maybe skydiving isn’t your sport.
If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Thinking I’m a moron gives people something to feel smug about. Why should I disillusion them?
My imaginary friend thinks you have serious mental problems.
I don’t take orders. I barely take suggestions.
People who act like they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.
I’m not always a smartass. Sometimes I’m asleep.
You’d have a big ego too, if you were as great as I am.
Life goes on, with or without you.
5’2 my height but my attitude 6’1
Don’t Study me. You won’t Graduate!
If you’re honestly happy, fuck what people think.
Being pissed off gets old. I’m just at a whole new ‘fuck it’ level.
her attitude savage but her heart is gold.
Own what’s yours, or else others will try to.
Life goes on, with or without you.
Don’t mistake my kindness for weakness, bitch.
You couldn’t handle me even if I came with instructions.
Forgive, yes. Forget, never.
There’s a hole in my heart where you use to be.
I don’t need any part-time people in my life.
Exhale the bullshit.
I got it from my mama.
Thick thighs and pretty eyes.
Be a Warrior, not a Worrier.
Go wild for a while.
Rolling with the homies.
When you are Downie, eat a brownie.
All we have is NOW.
We got that Friday feeling.
Catch flights, not Feelings.
Disappointed but not surprised.
How I feel when there is no Coffee. DEPRESSO!
50% Savage. 50% Sweetness.
You can’t do epic shit with basic people.
I myself never feel that I’m sexy. If people call me cute, I am happier.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life – to be happy – it’s all that matters.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. ‘Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
When I feel a little down, I put on my favorite high heels and dance
Women drivers rev my engine.
Watch more sunsets than Netflix.
Hey, I just met you, this is crazy.
At least this balloon is attracted to me!
I must destroy you with hugs and kisses
Stop looking for happiness in the same place you just lost it.
I woke up like this.
I decide the vibe.
If we could only turn back time…
Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.
No one is you. That’s your power!
Got my coffee and donut.
Escape the ordinary.
Sweeter than honey.
Proof that I can do selfies better than you
When your mom lectures you about how you need to lose weight for an hour and you’re like ‘shit I don’t care I have got a skinny mirror to make me look good’!
A friend will always make you Smile, especially when you don’t want to…
Life is like a balloon..If you never let go, you will not know how high can you rise.
Sometimes life can surprise you with a happy coincidence.
 You can’t afford my Swag Bitch! #selfie
This is to the Echos of our laughter. The looks That we Share. The never-ending gossips. and the Sudden amazing getaways. This is to our Past And This is to Our Future. This is to our Friendship that will Never Fade.
Life isn’t perfect…But my Hair is! #selfieaddict
Always classy, never trashy, and a little bit sassy.
Friday, my second favorite F word
Life isn’t perfect…But my Hair is! #selfieaddict
I didn’t choose the thug life, the thug life chose me.
When I was Rome.. I did what the Romans did.
I got back with my Ex…Box 360
Lost in the world that doesn’t exist.
Today I will be as useless as letter g in lasagna.
You only drink diet soda? You must be so healthy.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
The moment when she says you’re cute.
If we could only turn back time…
With You, I forget all my problems. With You, Time Stands Still.
We come to love by not finding the perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
When I fell for you, I fell Hard
If I ever write a story about my life, don’t be surprised if your name appears billion times.
I want you to be happy, but I want you to be happy with Me.
It will be Always YOU.
If you are Mine, You are Mine. I don’t like Sharing.
Nothing Can replace you!
I love you. That’s all I know.
I’m not perfect but I am Loyal.
I don’t know what’s tighter, our jeans or our friendship!
“I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.” —Helen Keller
Best Friends make good times better and hard times easier!
I don’t know what I did to have a best friend like you.
Life was meant for Best Friends and Good Adventures!
She is my Best Friend. You break her heart, I will break your face.
Meet my Partner in Crime
It’s me and my Best Friend for Life!
Good Times + Crazy Friends = Great Memories!
Sometimes, being with your bff is all the therapy you need!
I don’t need your approval to be me.
Why chase you, when I am the catch!
I am who I am, I am what I am, I do what I do and I ain’t never gonna do it any different. I don’t care who likes it and who doesn’t.
Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.
If I were you, I would adore me.
Me? Weird? Bitch Please! I am Limited Edition.
I am not perfect. I make mistakes. But when I say Sorry… I mean it!
I am not trying to give an image of a fairy-tale, perfect, everything else, I am just being myself.
I was both loved and hated for being upfront. But I was just being myself.
I like being myself. Maybe just slimmer, with a fewer wrinkles.
I take a lot of pride in being myself. I’m comfortable with who I am.
Everyone said I could be Anything.. So I became Sexy!
Do you sit in a pile of sugar? cause you got a pretty sweet ass!
They say tongue is the strongest muscle of the body. Wanna fight?
Did you swallow magnets? cause you are attractive!
Kiss me if I’m wrong but Dinosaurs still exist? Right?
Nice t-shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
Do you have a name or can I call you Mine?
Do you like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometimes!
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Do you live in a cornfield, coz I’m stalking you.
Never do the same mistake twice, unless he’s hot!
My mind is full of You!
Can I keep You?
Hey You! I love your face!
You don’t cross my mind. You live there!
As beautiful on the inside as I am on the outside.
Let me touch your shirt so I can tell you if it’s boyfriend material.
Besides chocolate, you’re my favorite.
Smile. It’s the second best thing you can do with your lips.
In a room full of art, I would still stare at you.
Don’t talk, just act. Don’t say, just show. Don’t promise, just prove.
Never stop doing great just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Marry the right person. This one decision will determine 90% of your happiness or misery.
Be honest.
Invest the now in tomorrow’s dream.
Some Girls want superman but walk past Clark kent every day!
Good things come to those who hustle.
If you want to succeed, you have to let failure be your best friend!
You can’t do epic shit with basic people!
Be self-starter.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.
I didn’t come here to lose.
Hustle until your haters ask if you’re hiring.
“You the best I ever had”
“Let’s celebrate with a toast and get lost in tonight”
“Twenty-four-hour champagne diet”
“Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight”
“I’m here for a good time not a long time”
“On my worst behavior”
“My excuse is that I’m young”
“You only live once”
“Worrying about your followers, you need to get your dollars up”
“I’m up right now and you suck right now”
“I’m just saying you could do better”
“Think before you come for the great one”
“If I die all i know is I’m a mothafuckin’ legend”
“Know yourself, know your worth”
“Every time you see me I look like I hit the lotto twice”
“Call me the referee because I be so official”
“Last name ever, first name greatest”
“Started from the bottom now we’re here”
“Fresher than a pillow with a mint on it”
All we want is hot hot boys boys boys.”
“So baby raise a glass to mend all the broken hearts of all my wrecked up friends.”
“Some girls won’t dance to the beat of the track.”
“Stars in our eyes ‘cuz we’re having a good time.”
“Put some lipstick on, perfume your neck and slip your high heels on, rinse and curl your hair, loosen your hips and get a dress to wear.”
“Don’t tell me I’m less than my freedom.”
“I can’t believe I’m telling you this but I’ve had a couple of drinks and…oh my god!”
“Write what you want, say what you want ‘bout me, if you’re wondering, know that I’m not sorry.”
“I don’t wanna be alone forever, but I love gypsy life.”
It’s good to live expensively, you know it.”
“Out in the club and I’m sipping’ that bub and you’re not gonna reach my telephone.”
“I should’ve left my phone at home ‘cause this is a disaster.”
“Get your hot rods ready to rumble ‘cause we’re gonna drink until we die.
Turn ya savage up and lose ya feelings.
You can ask tommy, Hilfiger it out!
You are a tornado with pretty eyes and a heartbeat.
In a room of arts, I would still stare at you.
I am fucking gold, you can prefer Silver and it’s okay.
Get you a Me, I am LIT.
I am not picky, I just know what I want.
Braless is flawless.
Sunshine mixed with a little hurricane.
If you ran like your mouth, you would be in good shape.
Bitch I want to slap you, but in which face I don’t know.
I accept my time, back in cash.
Soul over ego.
but my personality is lit.
No guts, no Glory.
Forever is composed of nows.
Let the good times roll!
Stay real or stay away from me.
Accept yourself unless you are a serial killer.
We serve drinks cheaper and colder than your EX.
As soon as I saw you I knew a grand adventure was about to happen.
As your best friend I’ll always pick you up when you fall after I finish laughing.
Life was meant for good friends and great adventures.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Just remember, if we get caught, you’re deaf and I don’t speak English.
A day spent with a friend is always a day well spent.
“Happiness is having a bunch of freaking awesome and crazy friends”
“You know it’s a great friend when they start to open your fridge without asking!”
“Friends are the family we chose.”
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
– by Oprah Winfrey
There is nothing better than a friend unless it is a friend with chocolate.
– by Linda Grayson
“She’s Bonny and I am Clyde!”
1 universe, 9 planets, 204 countries, 809 islands, 7 seas. And I had the privilege of meeting you.
“A good friend knows all your stories. A best friend helped you write them.”
“Many people will walk in and walk out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.- by
Never let your best friends get lonely… keep disturbing them.”
Friendship isn’t a big thing. It’s millions of small things.
Best friends don’t care if your house is clean. They will make it messy anyway!
In the cookie of life, friends are the chocolate chips.
No one will ever be as entertained by us as us.
My friends are weird, that’s why I like them!
“Friends buy you food. Best friends eat your food.”
“Friends make this world beautiful.”
“Friends don’t let you do stupid things… alone!”
“Normal? Normal are only the people you do not know well enough.” Matt from Hostelgeeks
“Best Friends. They know how crazy you are, yet they are okay to been with you in public.”
“True friends never apart. Maybe in distance, but never in heart.”
“One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.”
“Don’t allow the grass to grow on the path of friendship.”
The alphabet begins with ABC, numbers begin with 123, music begins with do-re-mi, and friendship begins with you and me.
Friends are the people in life that makes you laugh a little louder, smile a little bigger, and live just a little bit better.
“A good friend is like a four-leaf clover: hard to find and lucky to have.”
“Good friends are like stars. You don’t always see them, but you know they’re always there.”
“I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.”
“True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.”
“Enemies come and go, but friends remain and build up.”
“The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.”
“My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.”
by Henry Ford
A best friend knows your weakness, but shows you your strength.
“A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.” by John D. Rockefeller
Talking to your best friend is sometimes all the therapy you need.
“The only way to have a friend is to be one.” by Ralph Waldo Emerson
“A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.”
– Elbert Hubbard
“Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.”
– Henry David Thoreau
“True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.” – David Tyson
“Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.”
– Elie Wiesel
“Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.”
– Khalil Gibran
I like you, because you join in on my weirdness
Yes, yes yes, you are allowed to have other friends. You just have to love me more”
True friendship is not about being not separated. It is being separated and nothing changes.
“Friendship is a pretty full-time occupation if you really are friendly with somebody. You can’t have too many friends because then you’re just not really friends.”
– Truman Capote
“Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation.”
– George Washington
A real friend is forgiving and compassionate.
Everyone has that friend who is a walking party.
Friends remind you of your strength.
If you hurt my friend I can make your death look like an accident
Friendship is a simple recipe: 1 cup of caring, 1 cup of sharing, 2 cups of insanity
Where there is loyalty, there is friendship.
Best friends are people you can do anything & nothingh with and still have the best time.
Friends show you times get better.
The great thing about new friends is that they bring new energy to your soul.
Friends cheer you up with their horrible sense of humor.
Some people go to priests. Others to poetry. I to my friends.
Friends pop out of nowhere and make your life great.
A friend is someone you can call up in the middle of the night to go for an adventure
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
The two most misused words in the entire English vocabulary are love and friendship. A true friend would die for you, so when you start trying to count them on one hand, you don’t need any fingers.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I am not so sure.
Don’t give up on your dreams. keep sleeping.
How do you call a pig that does karate? Pork Chop
I am not lazy, I am just on save energy mode.
Be a pineapple: stand tall, wear a crown, and be sweet on the inside.
Follow your heart, but take your brain with you.
Normal is boring
What do you call a bear with no ears? EARS!
Best friends. Because of anyone else heard our conversations we’d end up in the mental hospital.
What does Charles Dickens keep in this spice rack? The best of Thymes, and the worst of Thymes.
After Tuesdays, even the calendar goes WTF.
The fridge is a clear example that what matters is on the inside.
Nothing is lost until your mother can’t find it.
If there would be an award for being lazy, I would send someone to pick it up for me.
For me, math class is like watching a foreign movie without subtitles.
Last name Ever, first name Greatest.
I was going to make myself a belt made out of watches, but then I realized it would be a waist of time.
Nobody is perfect. My name is Perfect!
What do you call a thieving alligator? A Crookodile
Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
Don’t worry, Beyonce.
There is no angry way to say bubbles.
Don’t interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you’ll hear some crosswords.
I am a ninja. No you are not. Did you see me do that? Do what? Exactly
How I feel when there is no Coffee? DEPRESSO.
Life happens. Coffee helps.
Be a Warrior not a Worrier.
I’m a big fan of whiteboards. I find them quite re-markable.
If you fall, I will be there. Signed: Floor.
All we have is NOW.
When you are downie, eat a brownie.
You are one in a melon.
Just got that Friday feeling.
When I feel a little down, I put on my favorite high heels and dance.
I need a six-month holiday, twice a year.
Bad choices make good stories.
There is beauty in simplicity.
If there would be an award for laziness, I would send someone to pick it up for me!
If Cinderella’s shoe fit perfectly, why did it fall off in the first place?
I used to think I am indecisive. But now I am not sure!
The more you weight, the harder you are to kidnap. Stay safe, eat cake!
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids mistakes.
How do I feel without coffee? Depresso!
I don’t want to sleep like a baby. I want to sleep like my husband!
I would kill for a Nobel Peace Price!
Sometimes I pretend to be normal. But that gets boring really fast. So I go back to being normal!
I don’t need a hairstylist. My pillow gives me a new style of hair every morning!
Brains are awesome. I wish everybody would have one!
I am actually quite a nice person. Until you piss me off!
There is no angry way to say “Bubbles!
I eat cake, because it is somebody’s birthday somewhere!
Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it!
I can’t clean my room because I get distracted by the cool stuff I find!
I am standing outside. So if anyone asks, I am outstanding!
You could not handle me. Even if I would come with instructions!
With great power comes great electricity bills!
My teacher pointed to me with his ruler and said “At the end of this ruler there is an idiot!”…”I got detention after asking which end!
People say nothing is impossible. But I do nothing everyday!
Wine is always the answer. What was the question again?
What do you call and owl that does magic tricks? Hoodini
Good times and tan lines.
Sea, Sun and Smiles.
People don’t notice whether it’s winter or summer when they’re happy.
There is a million fish in the sea, but I am a mermaid.
All I want right now is to be at the beach
The magic of the SEA son.
Life is better at the beach!
I would rather cycle my bike to the beach, than taking a ferrari to work!
A bikini can’t solve anything but it is a good start.
Make them stop and stare.
Chasin’ the sun.
You can’t buy happiness but you can buy ice cream. That is kind of the same thing!
Happiness is a day at the beach. Or two. Or three.
Everyday is one step closer to summer.
Girls just wanna have SUN.
Salty but sweet.
The beach is calling and I must go
Let the waves hit your feet, and the sand is your seat.
Wild, barefoot, free! That is called life
There is always summer somewhere. Just not sure where. So obviously I need to find out!
Some of the best memories are made in flip flops.
I never want summer to end.
Blue skies, high tides and good vibes.
Hello sunshine!
There is only one flight standing between summer and me. Let’s take him down!
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream.
Summer is my favorite month!
“Life’s a beach.
“I need summer twice a year, 6 months long!
“Sunshine mixed with little hurricane.
“The tan lines will fade but memories will last forever.
“Find me under the palms.
“Sorry I am not listening. In my mind I am sitting on the beach!
“Sun shine on my mind.
“Passports and pineapples. Oh and beach, always beach!
“Eat, tan, sleep, repeat.
“Less mondays, more summer!”
“This is my resting beach face.”
“And all at once summer collapsed into fall.”
“Summertime is always the best of what might be.”
“I am more myself in a garden than anywhere else on earth.”
“Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine.”
“If you’re not barefoot, then you’re overdressed.”
“Barefoot is my favorite pair of shoes!”
“You are so much sunshine in every square inch.”
“#restingbeachface”
Life is better in bikini
Watch more sunsets than Netflix.
Don’t worry, Beach happy
“Hot dogs or legs?”
Tangles hair don’t care
“Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce.”
“In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on.”
“Direction is more important than speed.”
“Mindset is what separates the best from the rest.”
“The best view comes after the hardest climb.”
“Look into the mirror… that is your competition.”
“Be the best version of you.”
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.”
“Be crazy enough you know you can make anything in life.”
“There is always a reason to smile.”
“Your potential is endless.”
“One year = 365 opportunities”
“I tried to be normal once. Worst 2 minute of my life.”
“Don’t look for excuses look for results.”
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” John Wooden
“Entrepreneurs average 3.8 failures before final success. What sets the successful ones apart is their amazing persistence.” Lisa M. Amos
“If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.” Jim Rohn
“Good things happen to those who hustle.”
“Experience satisfaction, but never be satisfied!”
“Believe. Achieve. Succeed.”
“Your best teacher is your last mistake.”
“The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.”
If it would be easy, everybody would do it.
Successful people are successful, because they do more than the rest.
When you are the bottom, they laugh about you. When you are on the top, they are jealous.You cannot please everybody, So stop trying and focus.
 “If you can dream it, you can do it.” – Walt Disney
“There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.” – Beverly Sills
“Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.”
“It takes two flints to make a fire.” – Louisa May Alcott
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” – Henry Ford
“The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.” – Will Rogers
“Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“There’s no reason nowadays, to do shit you hate. NONE.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“I’m just always looking forwards. I spend very little time, looking backwards” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Legacy is greater than currency.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“You need to spend all of your time and energy on creating something that actually brings value to the people you’re asking for money!” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Stop whining, start hustling.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“There is never a bad time to start a business – unless you want to start a mediocre one.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Know the philosophy, know the details, and ignore everything in the middle.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“We are in control of the one asset that we all give the most f#%ks about, and that is time.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“We only get to play this game one time…one life.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Whether you’re 9 or 90, stop trying to fix the things you’re bad at, and focus on the things you’re good at.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“When it call comes down to it, nothing trumps execution.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Your legacy is being written by yourself. Make the right decisions.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“A penguin cannot become a giraffe, so just be the best penguin you can be.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
Don’t rush things. They will happen when they are suposed to .
Let things fall into place
Your mental health should be a priority
No matter how oldyou get, never stop holding ands, never stop dancing, and never stop saying ” I love you”
Anything that costs your your peace is too expensive
If they act like they can live without you, let them do it
Good relationships don’t just happen. They take time, patience, and two people who truly want to be together
Decide what is what you want. Write it down, make a plan, and work on it every single day.
sometimes you have to unfollow people in real life
When you can tell your story, and it doesn’t ake you cry, you know yo have healed – David Wolf
Happnes look gorgeous on you
Be who you needed when you were younger
Phisical attractions are common. A mental connection is rare
Three months from you, you will be in a completely different space, mentally spiritually and financially.
Almost nothing yoy’re worried about today will define you tomorrow.
Love is about appreciation, not possesion.
Forget the past, but remember the lesson
The most valuable gift you can receive is an honest friend
Love is a verb, not a noun.
Not all positive changes feel positive in the beginning
You should tell people how important htey are to you
Good conversations iwth the right people are priceless
The best rebvenge is no revenbe. Move on. Be happy.
Sta y close to people who feel like sunlight.
Sometimes it takes 10 years to get that 1 year that will change your life
Wasted time is worse than wasted money.
Give yourself some credit. You’ve come pretty far.
Hang out with people who make you forget to look at your phone.
Be the reason someones belives in the goodness in people.
Never undersestimate the power of good morning texts, apologies, and random compliments.
It only takes a few seconsds to hurt someone. But sometimes it takes year to repair that damage.
Self-care is how you take your power back.
You don’t gain anything from stressing
You wil never change someone. They have to change themselves.
Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching.
Do what scares you.
Character is how you treat those who can do nogthing for you.
Live your life as an exclamation, not an explanation.
God friends, are hard to find, difficult to leave, impossible to forget.
Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Success is not the key to happines. Hapiness is the key to success.
Treat the janitor with the same respect as the CEO.
Don’t be afraid to ose people. Be afraid of losing yourself by tryiong to please everyone around you.
Love is no what yo say. Love is what you do.
F-E-A-R hast wo meanings:Forget everything and run orFace everything and rise
Forget everything and run or
Face everything and rise
Winter is coming
No winter last forever . No spring skips it turns.
I’m ready for hoodies and cold nights.
It’s cold. Let’s cuddle.
Keep calm and enjoy a walk in the woods.
Happy winter season.
You never appreciate spring till you’ve been through a tough winter.
One kind word can warm a cold winter.
Baby,it’s cold outside.
I am not going outside until the temperature is avobe my age.
When there’s snow on the ground I like to pretend walking on clouds.
White lips, pale face… breathing in snowflakes.
kind words can warm winter months.
Cold, cozy nights = warm blankets + hot chocolate
Dear Winter, I am breaking up with you. I think it’s time I start seeing other seasons.
Hello December! It’s going to be freezing amazing.
My favorite thing about winter? When it is over.
Winter poem: S***t it’s cold !! (end).
In winter time, being warm is my mission.
Bosses in heavy snowy winter storm might be like: “You still coming to work, right?
Can we just fast-forward to spring?
Happiness depends upon ourselves, not on the season.
What is winter? A three month break between a men and a razor.
Neeeeeext (season) please.
Can we just fast-forward to spring?
Winter is not a season, it’s an occupation.
Being productive on winter break means sleep and cuddle, right?
Keep calm because it is the first day of winter.
Great, the sun is out. Now I can get sunburn and frostbite at the same time.
Mother nature is throwing a winter storm.
My favorite place in winter? My bed.
Cold days = hot drinks.
I am sorry for what I said when it was winter.
Everything is funny as long as it’s happening to somebody else.
Make cold days great again.
I don’t like cold, I don’l like snow, I don’t like winter. Why can’t I just hibernate?
I love winter, but I do hate cold.
All I need is love tea and warm shocks.
So close, yet so far. Like January and December.
I hope that this winter ends faster than my monthly data subscription.
Let’s do nothing today.
This winter is longer than the “writing, writing…” on your Whatsapp.
Welcome to the “cuddling” season.
Make every cold day count.
I am looking for spring since last summer.
Good vibes are contagious.
If it gives you goosebumps is not love, it’s cold.
A winter with you is less cold.
My favorite winter activity? Going back inside and putting my pijama back on.
Home is where, from Monday to Friday: in winter you don’t go out & in summer you don’t get in.
My favorite thing about winter is that it is socially acceptable to stay inside all day.
Today’s forecast? I can’t feel my face degrees.
I don’t trust seasons ; I trust actions.
Keep calm and wait for snow.
With you is my favorite season.
Winter is a wonderful season to begin dreaming your dreams.
A smile is the prettiest thing you can wear.
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart.
We go together like the winter and a sweater.
No winter is too cold when you have your love.
You are my sunshine on a rainy day.
Sharing is caring!
Home is wherever I’m with you
Meet my Partner in Crime!
You stole my heart but I will let you keep it.
Every Story is beautiful but ours is my favorite.
You make my heart feel likes it’s summer
– Kodaline
“Best thing ever happen to me? YOU.”
“You are the risk worth takin’.”
There are days when you need someone who just wants to be your sunshine and not the air you breathe.
You are my rock, my home, and my everything
Love one another and you will be happy. It’s as simple and as difficult as that.
“True lovers are never apart. Maybe in distance but never in heart.”
“We are a team: Whatever you lack, I got you.”
“A shared adventure is a better adventure!”
It’s a wonderful thing, as time goes by, to be with someone who looks into your face, when you’ve gotten old, and still sees what you think you look like.
Love is a two-way street constantly under construction. – Carroll Bryant
We balance each other out so perfectly.
Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That’s why it’s a comfort to go hand in hand.
“When you spend together all day long, and it’s still not enough!”
“There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.”
“You can never plan the future by the past.”
When we are together, the world feels like it is in perfect harmony.
I always feel like our love is as new as the first day that I fell in love with you.
I wonder how many people don’t get the one they want, but end up with the one they’re supposed to be with
Our life together is one for the history books.
Maybe you don’t need the whole world to love you, you know, maybe you just need one person.
When you are in a real relationship, you never have to pretend to be someone that you’re not.
I like sarcasm. It is like punching people in the face. With Words!”
“She is my Best Friend. You break her heart, I will break your face.”
“I am not mean, I am brutally honest.”
“Stay a mistery, is better.”
“Screw perfection.”
“Where are you moving? Onto better things.”
“Maybe if we tell people the brain is an app, they will start using it.”
“Beautiful things don’t ask for attention.”
“Role models that look like supermodels.”
ETC. End of Thinking Capacity.
“Always remember you’re unique, just like everyone else.”
“Enjoy at least one sunset per day! “
“They say don’t try this at home…so I went to my friends home!”
“Mom: Why is everything on the floor? Me: Gravity!”
Rule number 1: Never be a number two!
“Just like the alphabet, B***H I come before You.”
“I like hashtags, because they look like waffles.”
#waffles
I like my coffee how I like myself: dark, bitter and way too hot for you!
Be savage, not average.
I hope Kharma slaps you in the fact…before I do it!
A sassy day keeps the basics away.
I do a thing called what I want.
I wish common sense was more common
“Are you free tomorrow” “No, I am expensive!”
My room was clean. Then I had to decide what I should wear.
“Go to hell!” “Oh honey…where do you think I come from?”
Be the kind of girl that makes other girls step up their game.
Clever as the devil, twice as pretty
Well behaved women rarely make history.
I need someone who sees the fire in my eyes and wants to play with it.
I am not always a bitch…just kidding, go f*ck yourself!”
Act like a lady, think like a boss
Life isn’t perfect, but your outfit can be.
There is no WE in fries.
Cat- US.
Half coffee, half human
kind people are my kinda people
Waffels are just pancackes with abs
You are the avocado to my toast
Good food = Good mood
When in doubt dance it out
Rules are for fools
Life is better when you are laughing
Blue skies, denim shorts + a salty tan
Watch more sunsets than films
No rain no flower
You were my cup of tea but I drink chanmpagne no
Dont be upsetti eat more spaghetti
This tequila tastes like i am not going to work tomorrow
There is beauty in simplicity
You, me and the sea
Live a bikini kind of life
I think I’m allergic to mornings
Alcohol you later
No dramas in Bahamas
Ice cream is cheaper than therapy
I fell in Love, his name is New York
Add a little confetti to each day
Red lips and wine sips
“Take only memories, leave only footprints.”
“Time for an adventure!”
“Go wild for a while.”
“Trippin’ on skies, sippin’ waterfalls.”
“Say yes, take risks, and live life on your own terms.”
“The impossible is now possible.”
“Wearing pijamas on Mondays.”
“Go where you feel more alive.”
“Dream without fear, Love without Limits.”
“If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go first?”
“The dream is free, the hustle is sold separately.”
“All good things are wild and free.”
“Sometimes, we survive by forgetting.”
“Work. Save. Travel. Repeat.”
“Wouldn’t wanna be anywhere else.”
“I’ll be right back, I am just exploring the world.”
“Just gonna cross this off the bucket list…”
“Sometimes being an adventurer is even better than being a superhero.”
“Do more of what lights your soul on fire.”
“There is no beauty without some strangeness”
“Your vibe attracts your tribe.”
“Wanderlust.”
“Escape the ordinary”
“I travel because you can always get more money, but you can never get more time”
Respect tastes better then attention.
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities – JRR Tolken“
It is so. It cannot be otherwise.”
It’s better to look steadily in the face of the monster than turn your back and deny its existence.
“Good manners and bad breath will get you nowhere.” Elvis Costello
Hope is not a plan.
Yes is NOTHING without HOW
Progress is progress.
Progress is not meant to be perfection.
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, either way you’re right. – Henry Ford
Every one has one option, either to risk everything in pursue of success or to sit down and see the winner pass by.
Push harder than yesterday if you want a different tomorrow
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the trut.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.  Eleanor Roosevelt
Grace. Not perfection.
What you put into it is what you get out of it.
Your greatest potential lies just outside of your comfort zone!CAN’T never did anything.
Discipline is the ability to delay instant gratification in order to promote future success and fulfillment.
One day at a time.
Why ask why?
Fight to win, Train to live.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence is not an act but a habit.
Realize deeply that the present moment is ALL you ever have.
I thought it was pain. It was weakness leaving the body.
Work smarter, not harder.
What others think of you is none of your business.
That which does not kill us strengthens us.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Take the gouda with the bad.
If you think you can or you can’t…. you’re right!
It takes the time it takes.
Ignore the pain, it’s worth the gain.
Move with purpose
Act like you know what you’re doing.
The world doesn’t owe you shit, you have to actually work for the things you want.
“Always better together.”
“Glitter is always an option.”
“Focus on the good.”
“Old ways don’t open new doors.”
“Better and OOPS than a WHAT IF.”
“There is no we in fries.”
“Be a voice not an echo.”
“Good vibes happen on the tides.”
“Do not hope for it, work for it.”
“I can. I will. Watch me.”
“Sure, I do marathons. On Netflix.”
“Catching flights not Feelings.”
“50% Savage. 50% Sweetness.”
“You can’t do epic shit with basic people.”
“Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.”
“Doing what makes my souls shine.”
“Risking is better than regretting.”
“Living a good story.”
“My life feels like a test I did not study for.”
“Focusing on the good.”
“Salty but sweet.”
“More issues than Vogue.”
“The best is yet to come.”
“Photo attracts the eye but caption captures the heart.”
“Don’t listen to what they say. Go see.”
“Be anything but predictable.”
“Nothing ever becomes real ’til it is experienced.”
You think this is a game?
Weekend, please don’t leave me.
Believe in something even if it means sacrificing everything. Believe in something even if it means sacrificing everything.
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not strong enough.
Be who and what you want, period.
Just Do It.
I liked memes before they were on Instagram
I am THE influencer.
Nothing is cooler and more attractive than a big comeback, and that’ll be me. by Steven Adler.
I’m not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, I’m definitely an individual.
I was a Nerd before it was cool!
Below we collected a few super nice, famous and maybe even cheese travel quotes for your instagram. Use them, go ahead! Do not let anyone else stop you from chasing your dream.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not. Ralph Waldo Emerson
“A journey is best measured in friends, rather than miles.” – Tim Cahill
“Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all of one’s lifetime.” – Mark Twain
“Take me anywhere. I am sure it will be worthwhile.”
“It is a big world out there. Go and explore!”
“We travel not to escape life, but for life not to escape us.” – Anonymous
“Collect moments, not things”.
Every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home. Matsuo Basho
To travel is to take a journey into yourself. Danny Kaye
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. Saint Augustine
I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are. Diane von Furstenberg
The best education I have ever received was through travel. Lisa Ling
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far. Swami Vivekananda
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond. Hypatia
#travel
#traveling
#instatraveling
#ilovetravel
#travellover
#travelgram
#vacation
#tourist
#tourism
#igtravel
#mytravelgram
#worldcaptures
#lonelyplanet
#visiting
#travelmemories
#travelguide
#traveltheglobe
#travelinspiration
#traveladdicts
#travelislife
#travelphotography
#shetravels
Well behaved women rarely make history!
As you travel solo, being totally responsible for yourself, it’s inevitable that you will discover just how capable you are!”
Don’t be woman that needs a man. Be a woman a man needs.
“Travel far enough to meet yourself!”
“You will never be alone if you like the person you are with!”
“Go solo, go far!”
“The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me”
– Ayn Rand.
“The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has ever been before.”
– Albert Einstein
“Waiting for the perfect moment to travel? It is here right now!”
“To travel is worth any cost or sacrifice.”
– Elizabeth Gilbert
“If you don’t get out of the box you’ve been raised in, you won’t understand how much bigger the world is.”
– Angelina Jolie
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow!
Robert Kyosaki
You don’t have to be rich to travel well.
“I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life’s a bitch. You’ve got to go out and kick ass.”
– Maya Angelou
“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively, unless you can choose a challenge instead of a competence.”
– Eleanor Roosevelt
Never date a girl that travels. or at least, make sure you can handle her confidence.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. …
My coach said I run like a girl. I told him if he ran a little faster, he could too – Mia Hamm
Be the girl everybody wants. Not the girl everybody had.
“The most effective way to do it, is to just do it” – Amelia Earhart
You will wish you did me different one day
#friendship selfie
#amistad selfie
I woke up like this.
A selfie a day, keeps the doctor away
Selfie – Forever alone!
Why so serious?
Life as a short should not be so rough!
Take a ride on my energy.
If you have eyes, look at me now!
I don’t always take selfies. But when I do, they don’t look good….
When I take a selfie, my noise looks huge!
I love Fridays!
I love red so much I wear it everyday.
I was born to stand out.
I would so do me.
My time is now.
Double Tap if you like it!
Let the good times role.
Sorry, no cheesy caption here.
Eyes so blue, you will drown.
Wish you a nice weekend.
Less is more.
Posting old selfies, because I am too lazy to take new ones.
Sunday Funday. Monday Mayday.
I do not even have a permit to wear these eyes!
I am worth it. Always been and always will be.
Just another friday.
Because one believes in oneself, one doesn’t try to convince others. Because one is content with oneself, one doesn’t need others’ approval. Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her.― Lao Tzu

Life is ten percent what you experience and ninety percent how you respond to it. ― Dorothy M. Neddermeyer

Noble and great. Courageous and determined. Faithful and fearless. That is who you are and who you have always been. And understanding it can change your life, because this knowledge carries a confidence that cannot be duplicated any other way.― Sheri L. Dew

Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.- Theodore Roosevelt



Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. – Marie Curie

One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.- Arthur Ashe

To love yourself right now, just as you are, is to give yourself heaven. Don’t wait until you die. If you wait, you die now. If you love, you live now. – Alan Cohen

Think like a queen. A queen if not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness. – Oprah

Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. – Marianne Williamson

You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. – Zig Ziglar



Have confidence that if you have done a little thing well, you can do a bigger thing well too. – David Storey

Don’t wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions. So what. Get started now. With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident and more and more successful. – Mark Victor Hansen

With realization of one’s own potential and self-confidence in one’s ability, one can build a better world. – Dalai Lama

Don’t you dare, for one more second, surround yourself with people who are not aware of the greatness that you are. – Jo Blackwell-Preston

Wouldn’t it be powerful if you fell in love with yourself so deeply that you would do just about anything if you knew it would make you happy? This is precisely how much life loves you and wants you to nurture yourself. The deeper you love yourself, the more the universe will affirm your worth. Then you can enjoy a lifelong love affair that brings you the richest fulfillment from inside out. – Alan Cohen

To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. – Ralph Waldo Emerson

Don’t live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable. – Wendy Wasserstein



Self-confidence is the memory of success. – David Storey

No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. – Eleanor Roosevelt

We have to learn to be our own best friends because we fall too easily into the trap of being our own worst enemies. – Roderick Thorp

Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you are right. – Henry Ford

If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price. – Author Unknown

You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. – Michael Jordan

